Yuansheng, since you don't abide by the promise of the promise
Then I don't need to
I'll let you go for grandma's sake
Nangong Yi
If you don't let me go
Grandma won't forgive you either
You are hurt
Small injuries do not love injuries
I'm sorry I always hurt you
It's time to say sorry
If it weren't for me
Neither will you.
Remember the day you confessed to me
Did you say anything?
I said I choose to be with you
It means the future together
I am willing to bear with you
This is the case during a group crisis
And I still do.
human
Grandpa
This is the seal my brother gave me before he left
Now that you're all right, I'll give him back to you.
It can be regarded as returning the goods to the original owner.
This is yours.
You Gege the latest art all day long
I will rest assured if I hand it over to you quietly.
I came back this time for another purpose
Is to hold a family meeting
Appoint you as the head of the Qiao family